README.md, before:

Files in the main repo (server, template, roll, counter.rb) serve as a basis to make a client-server connection

My_framework/ makes use of the Rack gem as an application server (translates HTTP request into value-pairs, need a call(env) method defined in the main app)
  - config.ru is used by Rack and runs the class with the call(env) method defined
  - Main app: app.rb
  - Framework: monroe.rb (Monroe is a superclass of App)
  - Side files: advice.rb
  - View templates are used to provide separation between HTML code and application code
  - NB: here we use the WEBrick web server, instead of our own TCP server. Rack helps us to connect easily to WEBrick.

book_viewer/ downloaded from https://da77jsbdz4r05.cloudfront.net/templates/book_viewer_r20160624.zip
  - enter `bundle exec ruby book_viewer` to start server
  - type as URL `localhost:4567/` (see views/home.erb) or `localhost:4567/chapters/1` (see views/chapter.erb)
  
dynamic_directory_index/ code challenge from LS
  - display the files from a subfolder
  - the files in the public/ directory can be accessed by using the filename as a path (`localhost:4567/1.jpg`)

users_and_interests/ code challenge from LS
  - display the list of users and their info (interests, email) based on a YAML file

sinatra_todos/ (lesson 4)
downloaded from https://da77jsbdz4r05.cloudfront.net/templates/sinatra_todos_r20160624.zip
(completed project: https://ls-170-sinatra-todos.herokuapp.com/lists)
(completed code: https://da77jsbdz4r05.cloudfront.net/templates/sinatra_todos_final_r20160624.zip)
  - after a form with the "GET" method is sent, you can retrieve it in Sinatra with the `params[:name_of_input]`
  - to run with Heroku, the root of the project must be in a separate Github root directory

Commit message:

Add file_based_cms project

README.md, after:

Files in the main repo (server, template, roll, counter.rb) serve as a basis to make a client-server connection

My_framework/ makes use of the Rack gem as an application server (translates HTTP request into value-pairs, need a call(env) method defined in the main app)
  - config.ru is used by Rack and runs the class with the call(env) method defined
  - Main app: app.rb
  - Framework: monroe.rb (Monroe is a superclass of App)
  - Side files: advice.rb
  - View templates are used to provide separation between HTML code and application code
  - NB: here we use the WEBrick web server, instead of our own TCP server. Rack helps us to connect easily to WEBrick.

book_viewer/ downloaded from https://da77jsbdz4r05.cloudfront.net/templates/book_viewer_r20160624.zip
  - enter `bundle exec ruby book_viewer` to start server
  - type as URL `localhost:4567/` (see views/home.erb) or `localhost:4567/chapters/1` (see views/chapter.erb)
  
dynamic_directory_index/ code challenge from LS
  - display the files from a subfolder
  - the files in the public/ directory can be accessed by using the filename as a path (`localhost:4567/1.jpg`)

users_and_interests/ code challenge from LS
  - display the list of users and their info (interests, email) based on a YAML file

sinatra_todos/ (lesson 4-7)
downloaded from https://da77jsbdz4r05.cloudfront.net/templates/sinatra_todos_r20160624.zip
(completed project: https://ls-170-sinatra-todos.herokuapp.com/lists)
(completed code: https://da77jsbdz4r05.cloudfront.net/templates/sinatra_todos_final_r20160624.zip)
  - after a form with the "GET" method is sent, you can retrieve it in Sinatra with the `params[:name_of_input]`
  - to run with Heroku, the root of the project must be in a separate Github root directory

file_based_cms/ (lesson 8)
  - "a simple file-based content management system"
  - tests with Sinatra: status code, headers, body, redirects
    - create document in a test
    - test that a file has been uploaded using Rack::Test::UploadedFile
  - providing a data for tests with the setup and teardown methods
  - "The FileUtils module contains a variety of useful methods for working with files and paths. The names and functionality of the methods provided by this module are based on the names and options of common shell commands."
  - method to delete a line in cms_test.rb (not used)
  - uploading a picture, display it with markdown: markdown way to display an image is through a URL ("A html page cannot request images from the client host. It must be stored on the server, or in another remote location") 
  NB: Sinatra, by default, serves any files placed in a public directory that lives in the same directory as the Sinatra application. For instance, if you send a URL like localhost:4567/template.htm, Sinatra will render the public/template.htm in your project directory.
